Episode 3: The Butterfly Effect

The trio is in Marcus's bedroom. Jude is playing with some leftover glue on his desk. Marcus says he can keep it since he has 2 unopened glue sticks in his bag. Marcus sees on his laptop that Erik Maggunson,  a well-known Viking explorer, no longer exists; he existed, but nobody knew him till today. Eli opens the book to Erik Maggunson's page to check what happened, which is on page 56. Someone who broke his pot disrupted a chain of events that was supposed to lead to his voyage and a peace agreement between rival clans. So when they are about to go back in time, Jude sees in the book that he was the one who caused it. Before he could react, they warp. They warp to the market and explain to the two what he saw while walking, talking, and thinking about where the book could be. When he got to the part about his foot bumping into a crate. Jude's foot actually bumps into a crate full of fruits that's next to a market and was in the way of the stairs, which tumbles down the stairs and hits a passing boy, dropping and smashing a clay pot he was delivering. They help him up, but the boy is sad and doesn't talk to any of them. He picks up the broken clay and leaves. As Eli was talking to Jude about what he did. Marcus finds the book in a workshop next to pencils and papers, but they have to buy the book, so Jude gets some stones and forms them to look like a silver coin, which tricks the person because he is blind. They don't warp back home immediately; they look for the page about Erik Maggunson so that they can locate him, and they can see where he is in real time, it says the street he is on but they dont know it, so they turn the page backwards and see a map of the viking's marketplace, labeled with names, they see themselves and they see Erik Maggunson. They meet him, and Jude apologizes to him, and together, they fix it back with some leftover glue he had in his pocket. He thanks them and goes away. They warp home, and History corrects itself, Erik Magnusson exists again, and Marcus writes a proper set of rules for using the book. Even the rules show up in The Book Of Time, page 2, which discusses things about the book of time; a new page was made for the rules. They learn on that page that they missed that the book is infinite because new pages keep on appearing for real-life things trending around the world, and that time wraps around itself, meaning that time could act like a loop or circle instead of a straight line. Which is why nobody knew Erik Maggunson until Jude fixed it, because it had already happened before. Jude had already fixed it. NOTE: FROM NOW ON, YOU WILL BE SAYING THE PAGE NUMBER THEY ARE ON.
